Add numeric property to Text, right align numeric IndexTable cells and titles and add best practice documentation for numeric values in tables (#8448)
Shopify/polaris: polaris.shopify.com/content/components/tables/index-table.md

- Support [filtering](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/filters) if the list can be long.
- Paginate when the current list contains more than 50 items.
- Use the [skeleton page](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/skeleton-page) component on initial page load for the rest of the page if the loading prop is true and items are processing.

> - Right align numerical cells with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component

Author: ```suggestion
- Right align and monospace numerical cells with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component
```

> - Right align and monospace numerical cells and titles with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component

Author: ```suggestion
- Numeric cells and titles should be right aligned with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component
- Numeric cells should use the numeric style with the [Text](https://polaris.shopify.com/components/text) component
```
